{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15620\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
I am interested in applying for the Integrated Art Director position with Ignited LLC. I received my Bachelor of Arts degree from California State University, Long Beach in Journalism, Public Relations, and Spanish in 1991 and completed coursework at Art Center College of Design in 1997. \
\
Throughout my fifteen-year career, I have been involved in the planning and management of hundreds of outstanding design and outreach projects.\'ca I have extensive experience designing print and web collateral and re-branding corporate identities. I have developed successful marketing and outreach campaigns, and produced numerous web sites. In addition to superior research and analytical skills, I am capable of managing multiple projects and delivering quality work while meeting deadlines successfully.\
\
As the first webmaster and designer at Caltech, I collaborated extensively with staff and faculty in creating and developing promotional material, both online and in print. I served as designer and editor of the original Caltech Alumni Newsletter, supervised staff and also taught classes in design. Also, as a native Spanish speaker, I translated documents and facilitated bilingual discussions for geologists conducting research in Mexico. I translated several storefront sites (MLB/Copeland's/Victory) into Spanish. \
\
I am extremely well-organized, resourceful, proactive, and energetic. I believe my design skills, project management experience, and effective communication skills will be a valuable asset to your group. I look forward to speaking with you soon to discuss my qualifications. \
\
Sincerely,\
Beatrice Aispuro\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
http://www.begrafic.com/resume/cv/ignited.html  (online cover letter with links)\
\
\
\
\
\
}